## What is Bean
@Bean annotation is used in @Configuration class to inform Spring that instance of class
returned by method annotated with @Bean will return bean that will be managed by Spring.
@Bean also allows you to:
 Specify init method – will be called after instance is created and assembled
 Specify destroy method – will be called when bean is discarded (usually when context is
getting closed)
 Specify name for the bean – by default bean has name autogenerated based on method
name, however this can be overridden
 Specify alias/aliases for the bean
 Specify if Bean should be used as candidate for injection into other beans – default true



## Bean scopes:

### Singleton - Single Bean per Spring Container - DEFAULT!
### Prototype - New Instance each time Bean is Requested
### Request - New Instance per each HTTP Request
### Session - New Instance per each HTTP Sesssin
### Application - One Instance per each ServletContext
### Websocket - One Instance per each WebSocket

Are beans lazily or eagerly instantiated by default? How do
you alter this behavior?
Spring Professional Exam Tutorial v5.0 - Dominik Cebula 2

Lazy and Eager Instance Creation vs Scope Type:
 Singleton Beans are eagerly instantiated by default
 Prototype Beans are lazily instantiated by default (instance is created when bean is requested)
     …however, if Singleton Bean has dependency on Prototype Bean, then Prototype Bean Instance will be created eagerly to
    satisfy dependencies for Singleton Bean


### stateless beans
beans that are singleton and are initialized only once. The only state they have is a shared state. These beans are created while the ApplicationContext is being initialized. The SAME bean instance will be returned/injected during the lifetime of this ApplicationContext.

### stateful beans
beans that can carry state (instance variables). These are created EVERY time an object is required (like using the "new" operator in java).

### Singleton 
    The Spring IoC creates a single instance of this bean, and any request for beans with an id or ids matching this bean definition results in this instance being returned.
### Prototype 
    Every time a request is made for this specific bean, the Spring IoC creates a new
    instance.
### Request 
    The Spring IoC creates a bean instance for each HTTP request. Only valid in the
    context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
### Session 
    The Spring IoC creates a bean instance for each HTTP session. Only valid in the
    context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
    global-session The Spring IoC creates a bean instance for each global HTTP session. Only valid
    in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
### Custom 
    Developers are provided the possibility to define their own scopes with their
    own rules.


